hello no it's victoria
so today I will introduce you
to roll so I kept the same
material to know a semi reel
automatic of areli lucane
nine feet fault 4 and wf so that's
much easier to roll them
with a summer why because all
the point of the silk is on
the front so the movement is very
simple so once you do you
start with a few to throw and a
straight ahead
you do not have to go very far
you go to 4.5 m you go out a little bit of
self
you just have to bring the can
these one hour from my angel a
calving the amplitude of the silk that makes
all
just one inch is the ferment of
send it forward and from you
Stop
between 9am and 10am so I'm going to
show the movement here planned so there
I'm sorry, I 'm bringing my evening
quite gently behind me that she did not
an hour it is necessary that calais however
this audition a shot straight closes
in front by lowering the can between 9 and 10
hours
I accompany the otherwise ask
here
so I'm going to get away a bit from the
camera you have more touched here
so I start my gesture with blows
rights
it's classic
still the faith of their themes
so
glass of wine
the map behind
dependent
it's not just behind you
our country
Gale
more wind to go out a little you a
time I am
and there it goes all alone you sell
antisect on the nose
sapa
canvas and up to fifteen meters
in this way and take out the silk
I shoot
if I rolled
we saw all
is possible
so that you can
sin correctly forehands the
setback is
I want to ride
so here I wish you good luck
good fishing and especially well trained if
Can I help you
do not hesitate to ask questions via
the mail
I will answer to see you soon